clarify documentation of label/description (#3169)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/developer_guide/core/internals.rst

*Label management:*

> - :py:attr:`~aiida.orm.nodes.Node.label` returns the label of the node. The setter can be used to *change* the label, e.g. ``mynode.label = "new label"``.

Reviewer: Separate line for each complete single sentence.

Reviewer: Maybe even more explicitly, leave out "setter" to instead write something like:

```suggestion
- :py:attr:`~aiida.orm.nodes.Node.label` returns the label of the node.
  It can also be used to *change* the label, e.g. ``mynode.label = "new label"``.
```

*Description management:*

> - :py:attr:`~aiida.orm.nodes.Node.description`: returns the description of the node (more detailed than the label). The setter can be used to *change* the description.

Reviewer: Same as above concerning lines per sentence.

Reviewer: Again it may be written more "gently"/explicitly:

```suggestion
- :py:attr:`~aiida.orm.nodes.Node.description`: returns the description of the node (more detailed than the label).
  It can also be used to *change* the description, e.g. ``mydnode.description = "new description"``.
```

*Label management:*

- :py:attr:`~aiida.orm.nodes.Node.label` returns the label of the node.
  It can also be used to *change* the label, e.g. ``mynode.label = "new label"``.

*Description management:*

- :py:attr:`~aiida.orm.nodes.Node.description`: returns the description of the node (more detailed than the label).

>   It can also be used to *change* the description, e.g. ``mydnode.description = "new description"``.

Reviewer 2: If you decide to do some more changes there is a typo: ``mydnode`` should be ``mynode`` I guess

Author: I believe this is outdated (`mydnode` no longer in source + document removed)

Reviewer: I think you have misunderstood. You added this line, and should simply remove the 'd':

```suggestion
  It can also be used to *change* the description, e.g. ``mynode.description = "new description"``.
```

Author: thanks - very strange, I checked out the branch locally and did not find the string. only when I pulled from the PR on my fork.
Anyhow, it's fixed now.
